well howdy there internet people it's
bubble again so today we're gonna talk
about how to get through low points
because we're in one as a country as a
world as a species as individuals as
reading messages tonight it was a very
common theme a lot of people are down so
we're gonna talk about how to get
thrilled with me and where we go from
here when people talk about their worst
week ever I have a true story I like to
tell people because it kind of puts
things in focus because it is as far as
I know it actually is the worst week
ever nobody watching this has dealt with
anything like this and it's a true story
there's this guy he's a ship designer
okay
Japan 1940s works for Mitsubishi and
builds tankers he's on a business trip
and he's down by the docks everything's
going good he's in high spirits yeah he
forgot something and had to go back and
get it I think it was like a travel
stamp or something but he's in a good
mood having a good day going about his
business about to head back home and
boom air raid knocks him to the ground
eardrum bus burned up bad he is messed
up takes him a full day just to kind of
recompose himself so he can get started
back home because he wants to get home
now now it being the time that era he
gets home
and he goes to work three days later
bandages and all and he sitting there
talking to his bosses telling him what
happened they're like no way
boom air raid these weren't normal air
raids his business trip took him to her
Oshima he returned home to Nagasaki
that's the worst week ever of anybody
that that's that that's pretty much said
his name was a Yamaguchi was the last
name and that's it I mean that's this
that's pretty horrible I mean aside from
the physical aspects of it I mean that's
got to be pretty dramatic because the
time nobody even knew it existed
you know his bosses were telling him it
was impossible for that to have happened
you're an engineer calculated but it
didn't happen but he made it through
both live to be like 90 had kids became
pretty outspoken when it comes to
prohibiting those things I would imagine
that week was his low point but he made
it through it what about the cities the
cities themselves you see those two city
names in the United States nobody thinks
of cities they think of rubble those
city names have just become an image of
destruction but what's the reality
they're back there pretty big cities
they had a low point to and they
recovered just like we will just like we
will
see we're in a low point but to me
that's not the scary part that's not the
unnerving part because we'll get through
that what's scary to me
is watching our leaders our betters be
more concerned about feathering their
own nests or their re-election chances
than they are with dealing with the low
point what's scary to me is watching our
infrastructure crumble realizing that
the mass incarceration issue it's still
there it's not even really being
highlighted the way it should right now
watching people defend actively defend
go out of their way to defend a system
that keeps millions on the brink of
poverty just to keep them in line and
meanwhile almost half the country as
they are making it worse chant about how
they're making it great again that's
what's scary to me and you know when you
ask them when are you talking about when
exactly are you reaching back to they
say the 1950s you know it's even in the
slogan that it's regressive that it's
dated but when you ask them they say the
1950s why because of an image
an image that's wrong that's a lot like
the image we have of those cities
because they have the idea of either
what they experienced his kids or
stories that they were told Leave It to
Beaver type stuff the reality is that
that was just a few years after that
happened the entire country lived under
the threat of that occurring at any
moment there was injustice everywhere
all kinds but that's how we're gonna
make hurt great again we're gonna reach
back to that it's an image it's a myth
it's not real it's not real but people
think about it because they were kids or
they're basing it on stories they didn't
have a clear picture of it I'm sure at
some point in the future I will look
back on the 1980s as this great time and
forget about the recession crack
everything else that was going on at
that time
because with age you forget about the
bad stuff you idolize things if that
image
what's scary to me is not what's
happening right now what's scary to me
is watching the United States behave as
a failed state because see what's
happening right now
we knew it was a possibility we knew was
coming we did nothing the infrastructure
issues we knew it was coming
there's a whole bunch of other stuff we
know is coming we're not acting
we're down playing it or pretending it's
not real pretending that the experts
don't know what they're talking about
how is that worked for us this time a
toll as high as her Oshima
where are we are we're at a low point in
fact but we're going to get through it
and we need to keep our spirits up
and get our mind around the fact that we
got a lot of work to do we have to fix
everything these people did while they
were making us great again because the
u.s. at this point the behavior is the
behavior you see in a failed state
that's what's scary
that's what's unnerving and it's not
gonna get fixed by people in DC and I
know you're thinking your favorite
politician whoever it is no not really
it's not gonna be up to them it's gonna
be up to you and me because we need new
ideas we need real systemic change
something that works for the people on
the bottom and that's gonna take those
people on the bottom working together
cooperating coming up with the ideas
that we need to move forward
we are in for a long haul
take take pleasure in the fact that
you're going to be part of it that you
will be part of setting the stage not to
make America great again not to compare
to some myth but being a part of
actually advancing moving society the
country the world the species and
individuals all moving forward that's
what we have to look forward to and
we're only really going to have the
momentum because we went through a low
point anyway it's just a fall
you all have a good day